This builds up on navbar-basics.

[Link to codepen: ](https://codepen.io/Yosmel-Chiang/pen/vELZmVp?)

# Creating the panel

### nav
Just using our nav from before, lets add a border on it so we can look at what we want: ` border: 1px solid green;`

### width of the panel
We want the width of this panel to be around 50%: `width: 50%`

### centering the panel
We could use flexbox, we here is what we are going to do instead, add `margin: 1rem auto`.

The first param, also `1rem` will add margins all around, if we instead give it a second param, the first param will only apply for `top-bottom` while the second will be the `sides (right-left)`, and so since its `auto` it will be centered given that there are no elements next to it either on the left or right side.

```css
nav {
    border: 1px solid green;
}
```

### Getting the links off the edge
We can also add some padding to move the content off the edge of the nav a bit `padding: 1rem`

### Hover state style
We also want to add a hover style to the elements, we do that this way

```css
nav li:hover{
	background-color:yellowgreen;
}
```

However, looking at the preview we have one issue, the hover only applies to the width of the li, since we padded the nav, the content is indeed off the edge but we want the content to be off the edge while being able to have a hover state all across the li. So in order to achieve that, we go ahead and move the padding to the li instead.

This adds some padding between the content, and off the edge off the content

```css
nav li {
    padding: 0.2rem 1rem;
}
```

### Adjusting the clickable area of the li
What if we want the same effect as above, but with a clickable effect?

Well in order to do that, we need to enlarge tha `a` element.
By default it is an inline element, so the clickable area is as wide as the content itself, this is by design made so that items can be placed right next to eachother without with being too big
.
However, by changing this to a block element, it means we now got stacked items, and the width of each item is as wide as its parent element.

However, we see that the clickeable area does not stretch all the way out, that is because we added padding to the li, lets move that padding to the a instead.

```css
nav a {
	text-decoration: none;
	color:black;
	display: block;
    padding: 0.2rem 1rem;
}
```

Now that our a element is a block element with a width that is as wide as its parent, we can add the hover effect to it

```css
nav a:hover {
	color: red;
	background-color:yellowgreen;
}
```
